[Music]
But good that's my Pili eh every
day she's
here supporting us
I don't understand it the truth But well
but Paul I congratulate you But well I
congratulate myself at least Hey Let's
review a little How is the
situation of Terelu in survivors
that also has already had fights not
marina but I want to explain the origin of
that fight so that people know what's
behind always so they see so they can
see the circus that this is man explain it do you
want me to put a click I took a
clip okay No not much because
obviously I can't put a
long clip but I took a little I think it's
a summary also okay I say it I
say it because you have rubbed it in our
faces everything and why did you have that
vocabulary the way because in me you will have
heard it that everyone
looks observe Ob stand up for you and
when I need you I have not found you
Okay, there are some it's short because I have not been
able to take more but well They are
some Reproaches it is not a little
reproaches  between them I know that they have had
problems even the daughters
were not there there were
words of contempt actually from
Alejandra to Anita Okay but I don't know if that's where
the anger of these people comes from
Look, I'm going to explain you just saw 20
seconds of tru and makoke making a
maximum charade sea Jesus eh I mean let's
watch these 20 seconds let's see if you can
put the video back on It's that in addition you can
see the performance you can see the performance
for God in addition you can see three lights out of the
corner of your eye looking at the camera but I'm going to
explain to you what's behind it is that I know it is that I know I know
let's say it I say it because you
have rubbed it in our faces and
because hab because you have started to
use that vocabulary in the way
that hab because in me you will have heard it
few times I have been a person who
always stands up for you and when I have
needed you I have not found you That's it
but it's that they have had a friendship not even
Look yes terelu terelu and
maco who have been friends for a long
time because their daughters  they studied
together what's going on their daughters
Anita and Alejandra were close but things
ended badly and it was also made public
some audios were leaked I don't know do you remember they
say save me because
eh I don't know why it was If it was because of a
boy that's something I don't remember because it was
also leaked recently but I don't
remember exactly Why that was that is something I do
n't remember but I'm going to
explain to you terol and makoke are two
characters Well yes two
quartz characters okay from the producer of
survivors they are two
quartz characters coincided in viva la vida with your
servant who also terelu
has always or in the stage in which I was and
previously has I'm going to say hated barra
envied makoke physically I have
witnessed their looks Ah sorry
sorry yes terelu maoke I said it well
what's
going on better was better man terel Lu
after this bad is spoiled but
I'm talking two years ago eh Ah well okay okay okay
okay two years ago Yes let's
see man but come on when they were
both young terelu was much better
yes Let's see chat Let's see  chat man
terel terelu was a spectacle and
pretty or rather body and pretty more than
maque well opinion No don't even talk about it
people say Yes well I do see it eh opinion eh I do
n't know let's see what you think they were a thousand times
more beautiful while you keep commenting I'm
going to look for photos of the two in fact
that winning this debate you win them all
but just when you say here that someone
is more beautiful than so and so I think that there in
the telesalseo polls I usually win eh
you in the debates You're the best
there you don't win neither but just in these
polls I don't know eh I don't know well let's see no
terelu was gorgeous when she was young but of course
m 140 I don't know how and what happens if you
want to kiss her because you look like the ror
roavi and Look how I've gotten into the
lores It's that I'm looking eh I'm
looking for photos let's see let's see terelu She was
gorgeous when she was young gorgeous gorgeous
gorgeous and yes it's true that makoke
I remember when the headline came out
makoke becomes a grandmother  that she'll
put on filters And such But I've seen her I
mean I work with her she has a great body
what I say but this chick and she might have done
touch-ups but she really has a great
body what I say but my goodness and
when when I say young well I'm
looking here at the interview photo come on
listen to me and not so young either but
then well she got sick and she hasn't taken
care of herself physically let's say no but let's go
young Not so young let's see let's see Put No I
'm not looking I'm looking talk that I
am I have to put on makeup too V
Okay then I'm going to tell you what
happens in the How do you say the ins and outs
of this Okay so they have been very good
friends but I really think they have never
stood each other But Terelu
was more like Makoke So what I saw
when I worked there was that Makoke
tried for her own good to maintain a
cordiality and on Trel's part there was no
way there were looks there were gestures that
really didn't What happens is that both of them
are two quartz characters and behind
this uh forced discussion that we have
seen there is a conversation from the
producer that they say you have to
generate  tram more between you
obviously Mao's daughter that Anita
is not is a public figure but does not
belong to this but Alejandra has to
speak on set and and there have to be
plots behind so that in this case
all the fields that are all
placed talk about this subject and about
this matter you know they have to
feed back the plots and they have forced
a discussion that comes from per elu
also that she is not a contestant as usual they have
told her please talk this over with maco
who is a quartz character the two
generate this plot or rather it has been
totally forced there is nothing natural
there besides it is seen and it is perfectly noticeable
and as I say both are from the same
production company and there are very
clear guidelines eh I only
needed to see 5 seconds of that video
Knowing and knowing how they are and how it
works to say my goodness how
striking this is and the thing is that I like
when I see survivors to see a bit of
reality and this year I am not seeing anything
that I like a part of tru had a
speech the other day that I applauded
quite a bit the truth surprisingly
I applauded a lot but it's true
that in general I'm not liking it
because I like when I get to see
survival see reality Then I see
a Terelu Well on some
forced occasions I see that there is an evacuation and
she is nowhere I see that she is
the only one wearing a vest I see that she
is saying Get me out of here well the
real terelu not get me out of here get me out
of here already like the real
telu from telemadrid of save me and such I say
no please I like to see
real survival I like to see eh you know I
don't like to see well what I don't like to
see eh in the flesh a kiss So
yes it is true that it is that eh it is like
what laziness you know what laziness on the part of
de tru in fact I think it is not necessary
because I am seeing other contestants
Almost almost anonymous who are generating
much more content than her in two days
you know even Pelayo that I Pelayo and I
have interviewed her several times it is like m I
am being very positively surprised
what that implies to have we
all have prejudices I am the first and we have to  remove them
or try I'm loving it Pelayo I
really tell you it's giving me
more in two days than 80% of those who
are there then Terelu there is one thing and
mind you I say this and I don't like it
and that is that she is a bit of a victim as if she
were the only one who has had what she has
had and such and I have lived with people who have had what they have had
eh J my mother
also had the same cancer as her and they
also removed both breasts before
having the other and well each case is
different and I understand but come on she has lived
life like a champion she has swum she has gone
there she left chemo and went on a
motorcycle to work I want to tell you that it
seems that you are immobile in a
ditch boy h and we are not victimizing
and with 30 covers of readings nor
selling what I have lived in my house
then I don't know it's like all the time it
seems that it prevents you from moving you know [ __ ]
No that you have lived a normal life that you have
sold it that you have gone here that you have gone there that you have gone that it is
that  It seems
that you are I don't know that
a few years have passed that you are well in quote marks
one thing is that you can't do the
marathon nobody is asking you
so for me there are things that are
a little shocking to me the truth is they tire me the
truth but well anyway ah no but don't
put No man no this was when the
telecupn is
worth No not there This pretty maco who is
much better now is that maco is much
better now she is a striking woman not
because she is so tall good figure and and she
keeps herself well she puts on makeup very well and
gets a lot out of it and so on But man
well let's see it's not that it's the body it's that she has no no she has a great body It's
not
that she's ugly obviously Mon
but the face that Terelu has is not
Mac no no no no terelu was much
more beautiful But I'm talking to you about now now
Well now she has Now she is 60 something
years old and she has had an illness well
that she hasn't taken care of herself not the whole
illness because there are people who go through the
illness of course no they haven't known how to
maintain themselves I don't know why there won't be it they won't
have it as a priority or whatever
but please yes I think it has been
fading over the years no no that Terela
that Terel was gorgeous She was gorgeous
gorgeous a spectacle come on no I don't
even know who she looks like fite with that
pre precious gorgeous okay I won the
debate no and not here and here she is no longer and
here she is not as young as there no that we
are seeing her at 20 30 years old
no p on Instagram she is 40 No here she is
40 something no Show me
Makoke's full body Instagram let's see how
old Makoke is the great body she
has Makoke puts on filters no Makoke
draws herself no no no the body the body that that I
mean I've seen her on the street I
mean when I see her I say but
my daughter it's true that she has a great body I
say but I mean
the body is impressive and Terelu is 140 Mao who is
175 of course no no the body the
body no no no no that what filter is it is
her body no no no her legs I mean her her her her
man  that it's not that it's
bad obviously but that because we
were comparing the son is very
handsome eh also eh est Because we were
comparing Ah because you because you
had told me that Terelu has always
been jealous of Makoke you see that she takes
care of herself of course fate how is she didn't
have her like rage like yes yes I don't know
why I don't know why Yes that fte no yes like
bad like bad and she spoke to her badly she
spoke to her badly like eh look How is she
also eh Yes let's see no no the aunt is you have to
take care of yourself you have to take care of yourself whether
you like it or not it takes its toll on you but they are
the same age How old is Mao
that I already think Mao is younger
No m Well maybe they will be more or less they won't be Maybe they will be more Maybe they will be
more let's see of course it is that you have light
the height But because the Campos are
like like like little the three of them not like like like
Well wow I'm
freaking out Jos Mara almoguera
collaborator of tardear what do you think that
you were like very undignified when you
were telling me today Look it seems to me
a lot it seems to me that  He's so handsome, he's so
cute, but I've already
told you that working with him is because
I think he's very handsome, no, that, why
were you outraged, that, with, look,
I see it as perfectly normal that
Mara Teresa Campo's grandson is always
somewhere, there's no shortage of work,
but that's how it is, that's how it is, that's how
things have always worked, of course, I know that it works like this,
but I want to tell you apart from it, it gives content
Because it's not like saying, Well, a piece of furniture,
for example, Alejandra Rubio, I see it as
less justified,
eh Let's see, it gives content Well, not much,
really. Let's see, they're like, well,
none of them have charisma, but we're not talking
about Jos Mara al Moguera here and there's no
content and headlines about Jos Mara
Moguera, but he's not a person, it's like if you were to
tell me that even Carmen Borrego, who they
are, but it's like the cousins, I mean,
Alejandra, and this guy, look, I like
the guy, eh, I think it's noble,
no, they haven't brought out the television vein of
the Campos, none of them have brought it out,
eh, it's like  you bring here like you
like I tell you it's like if you bring here and what
example do I give you buah I was going to give you an
example I was going to give you examples of
youtuber I was going to give you examples of
youtuber what do I say withdraw No today I
came across an article about Fran cua that
I started reading it while the
kids were leaving school and I was reading it and
in the article there was a video harsh
criticism in 2018 they criticized Fran
for a video of some otters I don't know what
a move is worth And I click on the link Of course
because you know that when you are in
the articles many times
some phrases appear highlighted for example Di
Mara Teresa Campos spoke in reading and
the word reading appears to you in Rosita
you click Pin and another link opens no
Claro of course well I click on it and it was a video of
mine Tena in the article they have linked a
video of mine from 2018 when I was
fighting with Frano and I was criticizing him and I didn't
even know how to speak anymore I didn't even know how to
speak you were listening to me and I didn't even know how to
speak anymore not only the one who hadn't  had a
nose job he had a
nasal voice he didn't even know how to speak I mean people would
come in here To laugh at how I speak
I would say this donkey and I didn't even know how to
express myself what I say I don't know why
But well he gets a ton of visits no and
and I've been laughing my ass off with the stupid things I
say but I didn't even know how to express myself And he
says unar Well still Look what the [ __ ]
wizard is doing here and he comes to stir up
[ __ ] I mean he comes here to cause [ __ ]
but listen to me but one thing is for
you to improve your vocabulary and evolve and
another thing is that you no longer have charisma And you do
n't have that in your life it's like
Victoria Federica What do you do Now But it
can improve a lot it can improve a lot
let's listen to what he said on
this subject Okay it's true that
change is important from being
up there to being down here it's very noticeable
What do you like most Well I really liked my job
this one I'm still
learning I'm just starting and when I
have things established Well I'll
give you a verdict but for now little by
little But and you like this enough
to regret it  not having arrived
earlier in this world, which at the
end of the day. Hey, it's okay. No, in the end, I
think things come at their right
time. Before, I probably wouldn't have been
able to do it. Now, I do
see myself prepared, strong, and above all,
mentally prepared to withstand
all the criticism that comes from outside,
all the bad things. No, no, yes, bad, it's not what
happens is that when you see it from the
outside, it's different. And Jos Mara now
we're seeing your best version, but for
example, seeing this whole year, you
regret something you've done, what you've
said, certain statements,
certain [ __ ], something in the end, we all
regret many things, eh, when you do
n't know how things are done and how they
work, well, you make mistakes. Then,
little by little, you learn and you
manage it in a different way. Hey, today, uh,
around three in the last minutes
of the program, let's see, we announced
that you were going to join the program today
and your cousin Alejandra was sitting there, have you
seen her reaction? No, I haven't been able to today, it's
been complicated, but what the cousin
came to say is that she's happy, what she's
going to say, she's going to throw [ __ ] at her cousin,
but you see, it's like  I'm glad I am look I like him
eh Jos Mara I'm really
telling you but he's PR I like him a
lot and I also like his mother
Carmen yes yes to me Carmen let's see if he were
part of it, then we don't talk about the content and everything
but to me this
guy seems like a good person Yes I
also think he's a good person What
happens is that he's learning and such and man
in the end well he's interested man he's
seen a vein here that is Perhaps it's more
ephemeral because today he's here maybe
in a few months he's no longer interested and once again
behind the cameras or he doesn't have that
opportunity because this one I think
now it's harder for him to be
behind but of course if he sees that in two days he
earns the same as being behind the cameras for a month well
man I understand why
now he's more interested Eh This is like that but
yes it's noble and that's precisely why he's noble I do
n't know how it will go for him in front
of the cameras It's true that
belonging to the Campos clan Well now it's
easier for him to be in front but of
course in the end a person like that chosita and
such Maybe he fits in on this program, fits in
but a little more is needed
spirit for better or for worse you have to
generate something I'm not saying it Of course but of
course I have the mentality save me
here in the end you might not need that
And so it is maintained Yes and
when it ends when Terelu leaves
Survivors which now is a bit of a
vein not to give her opinion a little about Terelu in
Survivors HM the Campos have to
generate some plot because if not eh
listen to me what need do the
Campos have to be on television because
Honestly the people the 2000
people who are here who are
watching us care about the opinion of Jos
Mara Almoguera about what
Pelayo has done in Survivors or Alejandra
Rubio is it important the opinion of Alejandra
Rubio about eh the depression of Ibn
Reyes Or you care or We want to know
the opinion that will depend it will depend on how he
does it because for example people
care about Javi Oliveira's opinion
about what Makoke says it depends that will
be his function and winning over the public
and that people want to see him no But
because people G Javi is different
you already  you have your audience your sign eh
people like what you do and say
because people already love you as an
entity and as a youtuber and as a being they come to see
you do what you do and say what you
say And I suppose that for me from time
to time when I'm here too but
these are characters eh that are
characters because of what they generate in
their family not because of what they think of the
rest you know what I want to say
then they serve as characters you
are eh youtuber Because they care about what
you think of the rest or what you say about
yourself it's that I don't know how to explain the
difference to you So these people girl Well
very well if you get pregnant
again Or if you're going to break up with your
boyfriend but to me that you tell me e or
that you tell me that Chabelita eh is an
idiot I don't care I don't know if I explain myself
because no there is no charisma there's nothing
that hooks me on you Beyond the fact that
your girlfriend has had her telematic bracelet removed I do
like that you
tell me you understand  What I want to
tell you is like no no no well however
Terelu and it can generate rejection in you mostly
but yes yes I do see it and yes I do
say something to me
on television Carmen Borrego too
but they don't know what I want to
tell you of course Javi we care yes in
their opinions yes she has charisma Marina
snal also has charisma of course
man you understand me the difference not
as an intelligent guy well Of course today
this happened let's see what you read here Marina
what do you see How strange Alejandra Rubio came out
in defense of Matamoros after a video
where it said green Matamoros on the sign
for tardear they wrote the name
Matamoros but with the same with the same
they removed it has whoever it is realized
quickly Yes the one who is in
control the one of the signs Yes the one who puts
the skirts and they have said how
Makoke's ex Makoke's ex Hey but they have so much
nonsense about the issue of the vetoes that they ca
n't say a name I mean let's see he
's from Macok he's Matamoro one thing that you do
n't  interviews no but that you put there
s so serious so serious so serious let's see he's
from Makoke I mean Makoke has gone from
being the es of Matamoros to being the you
imagine the ego of Matamoros I mean he'll
be saying that he's probably pissed himself off he's
pissed himself off you know but eh he's
heavy he's from Maoke for what
the poor guy has been left for the first time on the
chain in front a flap too and they
just changed the flap right
now for
Makoke's ex continued continue
continue
[Laughs]
been a few seconds he's been
unveiled for a few seconds but to me the
veto thing seems so ridiculous and so
shitty I mean why Why beta I mean what's the point of
beta meeting eh
We've already realized that that is that
formula is much worse that it doesn't make
any sense it's totally absurd I
love it with the humor with which they
take it I mean and I love that he
totally laughs his ass off it's that I love
that treating a person as if they didn't
exist is not like but let's see he
exists  if you have to mention that
you censor content I don't know that it doesn't make
much sense going back a bit to
the discussion between terelu and makoke
Look at what Matamoros has said
that terelu and makoke have been
friends that they have not been
milk you want to know the only thing I want to know
the only thing that comp bothers him and he called you so that
the daughters for the daughters you want to
know the only thing that terelu
and maoke have shared what didn't he see I don't know a
nightclub is that I'm going to get into a no
but come on say it
now I don't know a man and Carmen what
son there are three a man the three a
man I'm going to say the friendship of a
man from Malaga
come on friendship of a man from bad
Charlie's Angels let's see but share
But you can coincide with someone but of
course not when you say share what do you
think he refers to well man that they have
had a special relationship with a person
in common but man I want to understand that it has
n't been at the same time but well
first he was with one and then he
was with another No So maybe
now it can be understood that it was
maybe it was makoke  the one that ended up
taking you no, that's why Terelu still has
that resentment that I was explaining to you towards
Makoke no, this is already speculation, let's
see, I can agree with some
people that we have hooked up with
the same girl and another thing is sharing,
for me, sharing is in time,
coinciding in time. Well, for me, no.
I mean, for example, imagine, eh Let's
see Javi, eh Imagine you share that, of
course, let's see, I mean, if you have had a
boyfriend and then three years after
you have broken up with him another person that
you know tries it with that person, it
's not sharing, sharing It's sharing in
time, coinciding in time,
drooling, per por let's see Ah, of course, drooling, but for example, I'll give you an example, eh, Marta Riesco and Olga Moreno have shared a man, how how how Marta Riesco and Olga Moreno have shared a man who is Antonio David in time,
one first and the other later, no no no,
they have shared, well shared,
Well, of course, they have shared a man, but let's
see, but no, but not one first and the other
then with one I mean that both
have shared a man that they have
both been with the same man at the same time How come at the same
time a first and a man that doesn't
work anymore Ah well let's see another example
that I'm going to give you Jo so we don't
understand each other [ __ ] let's see at the same
time
eh that doesn't work anymore no no it's that it didn't
occur to me Let's see wait and see
Someone can give me another example
share share as if you tell me
pipi Estrada with the girlfriend or rather
terelu has shared a man with
pipi Estrada's new girlfriend they haven't
shared her [ __ ] what do they have to do with
sharing est yes they have shared her okay
okay I already have I already have alexandro leio
alexandro leio
and I already have it I have I have it I have it
and leio and the husband Carlo
constancia alexandro lequio and Carlo
constancia have shared a man mar
flores woman shared a woman but how come they have
n't been with the same woman at
different stages of
life That's not sharing that's not
sharing sharing is at the same time comp
But how What at the same time but at the same time
literally I mean let's see  I can
understand it like that no no but literally not all
three at the same time I mean I mean all
three at the same time they said three and he
also said to Carmen I mean it's very strange
eh but of course that is coinciding of course
that is coinciding or well no no not
even coinciding that's not
sharing No but you could clarify it of course it's
not going to clarify it I mean all three at
the same time intimately does the possibility of
all three at the same time intimately exists or in the in the in
the same temporal sphere in the
same temporal sphere of while he was
with one he was with another in the same at
the same time but no not at the same time in
the same place not a threesome not an orgy I
mean sharing at the same time Marta and
Olga okay you know Okay tell me okay sorry sorry
we have a video of
what happened to Terelu
Makoke she is very affected by
Terelu Campos' words so much so that
according to what they tell me she has ripped the biggest I do
n't know to what extent est Makoke has
ripped the biggest of Terelu I don't know
to what extent we will be able to see the
images or not because I don't know if she was
able to record everything because in a  moment
of trust in which she felt
relaxed according to my Source in a real had to
see if Terelu leaves once and for
all to take
why to see if Terel leaves once and for
all to take by I'm fed up with her she
comes here to be at a Resort for
a couple of days and does nothing but annoy
people she said she's going to be there for 21
days let's see if she completes the 21 days I hope it
's a little less so she leaves already so she
leaves already I hope she's
not here I hope she leaves sooner and I've
repeated several times that she's going to go away
and she's heard it and that's
true for sure eh I believe it I believe it I
believe it too I imagine with who
totally but anyway man man let's
see I understand I understand that
suddenly the person who gets paid the most
arrives there let's see it's not her
fault I mean it's the production company can
afford to invest that money in a
person who goes under
special conditions I understand the rest under other
conditions makoke who has wanted to
go for 10 years  They plan there for this
person who is not to their liking no matter how much they
try to hide it Almost like
in a Resort and they are laughing in
everyone's face I am Makoke and I would also curse
everything and say everything Well yes, what do you
want me to tell you, well obviously I
believe that I said that you know what
happens in survivors that we don't see there
is no 24 hours it is perfectly decided what to
broadcast what not to broadcast and and and let's
see eh And the ones who have the worst time
sometimes are the workers eh who are
the editors who are there well there is usually
one with each contestant many
times and wow eh what they have to
put up with wow what they have to put up with
with some contestants and whoever
got it I don't want to even
imagine because it is very you tell me she is
very demanding eh Very bossy Take the
other one bring me this Come here I want to
go I'm going to I don't know I don't know who got it I
know three people who are
there as colleagues and such I don't want
Imagine who it was Terelu who got it
because the ones who are
going to work there are usually really good people and really hard workers and
I'm telling you eh Help because it was
Terelu who got it I don't know if I'd be able to last three
weeks there but come on she's
going to make a killing the memes she's generated
but I think it wasn't that necessary to
have it this year which is really good ha the
memes we've seen a video of her
trying to dive but she doesn't even know how to
put her head under water I mean but these people don't
know how to do anything or even put their head
under water I mean please come on
come on you I mean there we'll blow it up come on we'll
blow it up I'm telling you
and